Add bicep file for quick deployment of logic app for rg-cleanup (#21)
Azure/rg-cleanup: README.md

```

By default, this tool deletes stale resource groups that are older than three days. If you want to customize that, you could add a flag `--ttl=...` when running. For example, if you want to delete stale resource groups that are older than one day, add `--ttl=1d`.

> Deployment file avalible for a logic app for rung rg-cleanup to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment file available for a logic app for rung rg-cleanup to run:
```

not sure what "rung" is supposed to be

> Need an user mananged identity and resource group, the resources are going to get deploy to same resource group as uami

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below command assumes you already setup a user-managed identity (UAMI) and a resource group. The resources will get deployed to the same resource group as the UAMI.
```
